**超值加碼商用書信必抄200慣用句**

委婉表達希望對方快點回覆的心情

1\. Your prompt reply will be very much appreciated.

如果你盡快回覆，我將感激不盡。

2\. I look forward to hearing your opinions on this matter.

我很期待聽到你對這件事的意見。

3\. Feel free to communicate with me through e-mail any time.

歡迎隨時用e-mail與我聯絡。

4\. I'm anxiously awaiting your response.

我很焦急地在等待你的回覆。

5\. I'm expecting a swift reply.

我希望你很快回覆。

6\. I would appreciate it if you could reply as soon as possible.

如果你能盡快回覆，我會很感激。

7\. Please send me any feedback you have.

如果你有任何意見，請寫信給我。

8\. I'm looking forward to receiving your acceptance of my offer.

我期待你能接受我提出的條件。

9\. I look forward to your response.

我很期待你的回覆。

10\. I'm sorry, but this really can't wait.

我很抱歉，但這真的不能等了。

11\. I'll really appreciate it if you can take care of this as soon as
possible.

如果你能盡快處理，我會非常感激。

12\. Do you mind replying as soon as you can? Time is of the utmost
importance.

你介意盡快回應嗎？時間非常緊急。

13\. It's vital that I hear from you soon.

我必須盡快收到你的回應。

14\. If you have any objections, please let me know ASAP.

如果你反對的話，請盡快讓我知道。

15\. Whenever you get a chance, please inform me on your decision.

請你一有機會就趕快告訴我你的決定。

16\. Please immediately inform me if you have any concerns.

如果你有什麼疑慮，請盡快通知我。

17\. Please don't hesitate to contact me as soon as possible.

請不要猶豫，盡快跟我聯絡。

18\. I understand that you must be busy, but this is urgent.

我瞭解你一定很忙，但這非常緊急。

19\. I'm sorry for bugging you for a reply, but we need to get this done
as soon as possible.

纏著你要你回應，我很抱歉，但我們真的得盡快完成這件事。

20\. Awaiting your quick response.

我等你趕快回覆。

21\. I'm sure you can understand that this is a most urgent matter.

我相信你瞭解這是個非常緊急的事件。

22\. I need to hear from you as soon as possible.

我必須盡快得到你的回覆。

23\. Please take a few minutes to let me know about your decision.

請花個幾分鐘告訴我你的決定。

24\. If we hear from you soon, we can start getting to work right away.

如果你很快回覆我們，我們就能馬上開始工作。

25\. Please send us an update at your earliest convenience.

您方便的話，請盡早讓我們知道最新的狀況。

在說聽起來比較直接的話時，表達抱歉的心情

1\. I'm sorry if this sounds harsh.

如果這聽起來很狠心，我很抱歉。

2\. I hope you don't feel offended.

我希望你不覺得被冒犯了。

3\. I apologize, but I have to admit that I'm a bit disappointed.

我很抱歉，但我得承認我有點失望。

4\. I have to come out and tell you this. I'm very sorry.

我不得不告訴你這件事。我很抱歉。

5\. Please don't take offense.

請別生氣。

6\. Please understand that I don't mean to imply any dissatisfaction on
my part.

請理解，我並不是要暗示我對你不滿意。

7\. I respectfully disagree with your view.

恕我不同意你的看法。

8\. Please forgive me for being frank with you.

請恕我直言。

9\. I'm sorry, but I have to make it clear that I'm not very satisfied.

我很抱歉，但我得說清楚，我不是很滿意。

10\. I don't mean to offend you by this observation.

我說出我的看法，並沒有要冒犯你的意思。

11\. I apologize for being straightforward.

我說得這麼直接，我很抱歉。

12\. I hope this doesn't sound too blunt.

我希望這聽起來不會太直接。

13\. I regret to tell you that your performance could have been better,
but I don't mean this as an insult.

我很抱歉必須告訴你，你可以表現得更好。但我並不是要說你不好喔！

14\. I'm afraid that I have to say that I'm not too happy with this.

我恐怕得說我不是太高興。

15\. I understand that you have been working very hard, but there are
areas in which you can improve.

我瞭解你很努力，但你還是有些地方可以更進步。

16\. By no means think that I mean to be rude.

請不要認為我有冒犯的意思。

17\. I'm sorry, but I think it's best that I be frank.

我很抱歉，但我想我還是直接說比較好。

18\. Please understand that I still hold you in high regard.

請瞭解，我還是非常尊敬你。

19\. I'm sorry, but I beg to differ.

我很抱歉，但我有不同的意見。

20\. I'm really sorry for being blunt, but you don't have the faintest
idea about how this is done, and I don't blame you.

恕我直言，但你根本搞不清楚這該怎麼做，而我也不怪你。

21\. This isn't really your fault, but I don't think we should continue
with this project.

這真的不是你的錯，但我覺得我們不該繼續進行這個計畫。

22\. I'm very sorry to say that this wasn't the kind of performance I
was expecting from you.

我很抱歉，但我必須說你這種表現並不是我期待看到的。

23\. I regret to say that you can still improve in many aspects.

這樣說我很抱歉，但你在很多方面都還能進步。

24\. Forgive me for being blunt, but this is for the good of the
company.

恕我直言，但說出來對公司比較有益。

25\. I hope you don't mind if I'm direct.

我說得很直接，希望你不要介意。

表達感激的心情

1\. I know I speak for everyone on this when I say I really appreciate
your kindness.

大家都很感激你的體貼。

2\. Words cannot convey my gratitude.

我的感激之情無法用文字表達。

3\. We hope to return your favor soon.

我們希望很快能報答你。

4\. Thank you for your patience.

感謝你的耐心。

5\. Thank you for understanding.

感謝你的理解。

6\. I'm very much indebted to you.

我欠你太多了。

7\. Your help is very much appreciated.

非常感謝你的幫忙。

8\. I would repay you if I could.

可以的話，我一定報答你。

9\. Thank you so much for your time.

謝謝你撥出時間來。

10\. I'm so glad that amazing people like you exist.

世界上有像你這麼棒的人，真是太好了。

11\. I want you to know that I'm really grateful for your help.

我要你知道，我非常感謝你的幫忙。

12\. I'm really thankful for your assistance.

我很感謝你的幫助。

13\. I can't ever thank you enough.

我謝你永遠也謝不完。

14\. Thank you for what you did for me.

謝謝你為我做的事。

15\. I don't know how to express my gratitude, so here's a little
something for you.

我不知道如何表達我的感激，所以這裡有個給你的小禮物。

16\. People like you make my life so much better. Thank you!

像你這樣的人讓我的人生好很多。謝謝你！

17\. I could say thank you a thousand times and it wouldn't be enough.

我說謝謝你說一千次都不夠。

18\. Thank you for all that you've done.

謝謝你做的一切。

19\. I would never have managed it if not for your help.

如果沒有你幫忙，我根本作不到。

20\. If it weren't for you, I would never have been successful.

要不是有你，我根本不會成功。

21\. Thank you for being there for me.

謝謝你總是在那裡陪著我。

22\. Thank you for your kindness.

謝謝你對我這麼好。

23\. I'm so lucky to have you.

我有你真是太幸運了。

24\. Thank you for what you did for me, and please don't hesitate to let
me know if there's anything that I can do for you.

謝謝你為我做的一切，如果有什麼我可以為你做的，也請你不要猶豫，馬上讓我知道。

25\. I really appreciate what you did.

我很感激你所做的。

覺得自己要求太多或造成麻煩時，表達不好意思的心情

1\. Please accept my apology for any inconvenience this has caused.

對於這件事造成的不便，請接受我的道歉。

2\. I'm sorry about asking for a favor from you out of the blue.

我很抱歉這麼突然請你幫忙。

3\. I'm really sorry about asking you to put some time aside for me.

要請你撥點時間給我，我很抱歉。

4\. I'm really sorry for bothering you when you're so busy.

我很抱歉在你這麼忙的時候打擾你。

5\. I really don't want to trouble you, but you're the only one who can
help me.

我真的很不想造成你的麻煩，但你是唯一可以幫我的人。

6\. Sorry for the trouble, and thank you so much for the help!

造成麻煩我很抱歉，也很謝謝你的幫忙！

7\. I apologize for causing so much trouble.

造成這麼多麻煩，我很抱歉。

8\. I'll be really, really grateful if you can help me, but please don't
hesitate to let me know if it's too much trouble.

如果你能幫我，我會很感激，但如果太麻煩了，也請不要猶豫，讓我知道。

9\. I apologize for making you clean up after the mess I made.

我很抱歉害你幫我收拾善後。

10\. I hope this doesn't cause you too much inconvenience.

我希望這不會造成你很大的不便。

11\. Please let me know if this is too much trouble for you.

如果這對你來說太麻煩的話，請讓我知道。

12\. I'll be really grateful for the favor, and will try my best to
repay your kindness.

我會很感激你的幫助，也會盡全力報答你。

13\. I know that you are very busy, and will be very grateful if you can
spare some time to help me.

我知道你非常忙，如果你能撥出時間幫助我，我會非常感激。

14\. I'll be forever grateful if you can help me.

如果你能幫我，我會永遠感激。

15\. I'm so sorry for being a bother, but you're the only person I can
turn to.

我這樣打擾你真的很抱歉，但你是唯一一個我可以相求的人。

16\. I know that I might be asking too much, and you have every right to
refuse.

我知道我可能要求太多了，你如果拒絕我也很合理。

17\. Is there anything I can do to repay your kindness?

我有什麼事可以做來回報你嗎？

18\. I know that this is terrible timing, but may I ask a favor of you?

我知道這個時間點挑得很差，但我可以請你幫忙嗎？

19\. I know that you're really busy, but I would appreciate your
thoughts on the subject.

我知道你很忙，但如果你告訴我你的意見，我會很感激。

20\. Would you please fill me in if it's not too much trouble?

如果不會太麻煩，你可以告訴我狀況嗎？

21\. If it's really inconvenient for you, please tell me so.

如果對你來說真的很不方便，請告訴我。

22\. I'm sorry about asking such a huge favor of you.

請你幫我這麼大的忙，我很抱歉。

23\. I don't mean to trouble you. Please let me know if it's really too
much to ask.

我不想讓你困擾，如果我真的太麻煩你了，請讓我知道。

24\. I hate to trouble you, but you're the best person for this.

我很不想造成你的麻煩，但你真的是最能幫忙我的人。

25\. My work is still ridden with flaws, and I would really appreciate
it if you could help me make it better.

我的作品還是充滿瑕疵，如果你能幫我把它變得更好，我會非常感激。

表達要通知壞消息，卻難以啟齒的心情

1\. There is something that I have to tell you.

有件事情我要告訴你。

2\. Thank you so much for your interest, but there's something I need to
tell you.

謝謝你對這件事有興趣，但有件事我得告訴你。

3\. Please understand that what I'm going to say does not reflect my own
feelings.

請理解，我接下來要講的並不代表我個人的立場。

4\. I am regretful that I have to bring you this bad news.

帶來這個壞消息，我很抱歉。

5\. Unfortunately, things have taken a turn for the worse.

很不幸地，事情越來越糟了。

6\. Sadly, things don't look too bright at the moment.

很不幸地，狀況現在看起來不怎麼好。

7\. I am sorry that I have to inform you of some bad news.

通知你一些壞消息，我很抱歉。

8\. I'm sorry about bringing you this bad news, but I promise to try my
hardest to assist you through this crisis.

帶來這個壞消息我很抱歉，但我答應會努力幫助你度過這個危機。

9\. I was informed of some terrible news and have to let you know.

我被通知一些糟糕的消息，必須讓你知道。

10\. I was informed of some bad news and want to put you on guard.

我被通知一些壞消息，我要讓你先有心理準備。

11\. It's unfortunate that this has to happen.

很不幸發生了這種事。

12\. Please be forewarned that this letter is not going to be pleasant.

請有心理準備，這不會是一封很愉快的信。

13\. I thought you would probably need to know that things didn't work
out too well.

我想你大概必須知道，事情進行得不太順利。

14\. I'm sorry that I have to notify you of this problem.

很抱歉我必須告知你這個問題。

15\. You might be already aware that we are facing some problems.

你可能已經察覺到了，我們遇到一些問題。

16\. As you may have noticed, things aren't working out so well.

你可能已經注意到了，事情不是太順利。

17\. I'm very sorry, but I have to bring this to your attention.

我非常抱歉，但我得讓你注意到這件事。

18\. Please accept my most heartfelt sympathies.

請接受我真心的同情。

19\. Please understand that my thoughts are with you.

請瞭解，我會一直為你祈福。

20\. It's difficult to say anything to make this easier.

我實在很難說出什麼話來讓這個狀況比較不糟糕。

21\. I offer my deepest sympathies.

我給你我最深的同情。

22\. I understand that this must be a difficult experience for you.

我瞭解這對你來說恐怕很難熬。

23\. I'm saddened by what happened.

我對於發生的事非常難過。

24\. I'm sorry to inform you of this, but I know everything is going to
turn out fine.

告知你這件事我很抱歉，但我知道一切都會好轉的。

25\. Should you require any guidance, please let me know.

如果你需要指導，請讓我知道。

想要糾正對方，但不能說得太直接，只好把錯攬到自己身上的狀況

1\. I'm sorry, but I might have misheard it. Could you repeat what you
said?

我很抱歉，但我可能聽錯了。可以請你重複一次嗎？

2\. I thought it was the other way around, but I must have been
mistaken.

我以為是反過來，但我可能搞錯了。

3\. I'm very sorry, but I must have forgotten about it.

我很抱歉，但我大概是忘記了。

4\. I've never been good at this. Could you explain a bit more in
detail?

我從來不擅長這個。你可以再說得詳細點嗎？

5\. We appear to have different views on this. May I ask you to explain
your reasoning further to me? I might need to rethink.

看來我們對這事有不同的看法。我可以請你更進一步跟我解釋你的想法嗎？我可能得重新思考。

6\. I'm so sorry, but it must have slipped my mind. Please remind me of
what you said.

我很抱歉，但我大概是一時忘了。請再提醒我你講了什麼。

7\. I might have made an error in my calculations. Please let me know
what you think.

我可能算錯了，請告訴我你的想法。

8\. I apologize if our miscommunication was due to any error on my part.

如果是因為我這裡的失誤害我們溝通不良，我道歉。

9\. It must have been a mistake on my part. Let me recheck.

一定是我搞錯了，請讓我再檢查一次。

10\. I'm sorry, it must be my fault for not double-checking with you.

我很抱歉，一定是我沒跟你再確認造成的。

11\. I'm sorry for not notifying you of this issue sooner.

我很抱歉沒有提早通知你這件事。

12\. It must be due to my carelessness that this has happened.

會發生這件事一定是因為我不夠小心的關係。

13\. I get the impression that you don't really value our relationship,
and I would like to apologize for any problems on my part.

我感覺你不是很重視我們的關係，而我要為任何我這邊的問題道歉。

14\. I get the feeling that you're dissatisfied. I really value our
partnership, and will try hard to improve and meet your expectations.

我覺得你好像不太滿意。我很重視我們的合作關係，會努力試著進步、達成你的期待。

15\. I sense that you don't see your experience with us as positive.
Please let me know if there's anything we can improve on.

我感覺你認為和我們合作的經驗很不愉快。請讓我知道我們有哪裡可以改進的。

16\. I apologize for being unclear and causing this misunderstanding.

我沒講清楚，造成這場誤會，我很抱歉。

17\. I'm very sorry. That was not what I meant to imply.

我很抱歉，那不是我想表達的。

18\. I'm sorry about the miscommunication. It is no fault of yours.

我很抱歉我們溝通不良。這不是你的錯。

19\. I'm very sorry for rushing you. It is my fault for letting you know
so late in the first place.

我很抱歉要催你。是我的錯，一開始這麼晚讓你知道這件事。

20\. Please accept my apology for the inconvenience I caused you. I will
make sure this doesn't happen again.

有關我造成的不便，請接受我的道歉。我會保證這不會再發生。

21\. Please be assured that this is not your fault.

請安心，這不是你的錯。

22\. I'm sorry for the confusion. I will be pleased to supply any
information you need.

我很抱歉造成困擾。我很樂意提供任何你需要的資訊。

23\. I apologize for not being in contact with you sooner.

沒有早點和你聯絡我很抱歉。

24\. I apologize in advance for any inconvenience this might cause.

如果這可能造成任何不便，我先道歉。

25\. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. We'll deal with this
immediately.

謝謝你告知我這件事。我們會立刻對付它。

表達恭喜祝賀的心情

1\. My warmest congratulations!

衷心地恭喜你！

2\. Please accept my sincere congratulations.

請接受我誠摯的恭喜。

3\. I wish the best of luck in the future too.

我祝福你未來也一樣好運連連。

4\. Congrats on your great accomplishment!

恭喜你有這麼大的成就！

5\. I wish you happiness in the years to come.

我祝你未來幾年都開開心心。

6\. I wish you a lifetime of happiness!

我祝你開開心心一輩子！

7\. Congratulations on the big announcement!

恭喜你宣布了這個大消息！

8\. I'm so happy for you.

我好為你開心。

9\. I'm so glad for you, you don't even know!

我有多為你高興，你都不知道！

10\. I'm sure that this will be very memorable for you.

我相信這對你來說會是永生難忘的。

11\. Congratulations on the amazing news.

恭喜你宣布了這個很棒的消息。

12\. I'm so happy to hear of your achievement.

聽到你的成就，我好開心。

13\. I'm so excited for you!

真為你感到興奮！

14\. I'm looking forward to talking to you about this great news.

我很期待和你討論這個大消息。

15\. My warmest congratulations on your success.

我誠摯地恭喜你成功。

16\. This will be really rewarding for you.

這對你來說會很值得。

17\. I'm so honored to know someone as successful as you.

我很榮幸認識像你這麼成功的人。

18\. We need to throw a party for this.

我們得為這個開一場派對。

19\. This counts as a special occasion.

這算是一個特別的場合。

20\. This is such exciting news for all of us.

這對大家來說都是很興奮的消息。

21\. Don't you know that this is an incredible achievement? Give
yourself a pat on the back!

你不知道這是個很棒的成就嗎？好好獎賞自己吧！

22\. I hope to achieve success like you in the future.

我希望以後也能像你一樣成功。

23\. I hope to follow your example.

我希望能向你看齊。

24\. My heartiest congratulations.

我衷心恭喜你！

25\. I wish you continued success and happiness.

我祝你以後也繼續成功、快樂。

表達對未來的期待與祝福

1\. We look forward to working with you.

我們很期待和你們合作。

2\. We wish you all the best.

我們祝您一切順利。

3\. I hope everything goes according to plan.

希望一切都順利進行。

4\. I look forward to maintaining our relationship for years to come.

我期待未來幾年我們也能維持這樣好的關係。

5\. Please take care of yourself and your family.

請照顧自己和你的家人。

6\. Hope everything goes smoothly!

希望一切順利！

7\. I'm sure we'll make a great team together.

我確定我們一定會合作愉快。

8\. I hope the days in front of you are full of fun and laughter.

我希望你未來的生活充滿了歡樂與笑聲。

9\. I wish you the greatest success.

我希望你很成功。

10\. Best wishes to you!

祝福你！

11\. I hope you have a great year.

我希望你今年都過得很好。

12\. I hope we can remain friends forever.

我希望我們可以一直是朋友。

13\. I hope we can always keep in touch.

希望我們可以一直保持聯絡。

14\. No matter what happens, I hope we can always remain in touch.

無論發生了什麼事，我希望我們都能保持聯絡。

15\. I hope we can meet soon!

希望我們可以趕快見面！

16\. I wish you the best of luck.

祝你好運！

17\. I look forward to meeting you!

我很期待見到你！

18\. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.

我會為你祈福的。

19\. I know you have a bright future ahead of you.

我相信你的未來一定一片光明。

20\. I know that you will be a valuable asset to us.

我相信你會對我們非常有幫助。

21\. I believe that we will work very well together.

我相信我們會合作順利。

22\. I foresee that we will be very successful in the future.

我預期我們以後會很成功。

23\. Good luck on all your endeavors in the future!

祝你未來做一切的事都很順利！

24\. Thank you for your good wishes, and the same to you!

謝謝你的祝福，也祝福你！

25\. I'm confident that you will be a valuable contributor to our team.

我相信你會對我們的團隊非常有貢獻。
